Refactor Http class to utilize ParameterHelper for http_params conver… (#130)
apache/dolphinscheduler-sdk-python: UPDATING.md

* Remove attribute tenant from pydolphinscheduler.core.workflow.workflow ([#54](https://github.com/apache/dolphinscheduler-sdk-python/pull/54))
  and please change tenant name in ``config.yaml`` in ``PYDS_HOME``
* Drop support of python3.6 and python3.7 ([#126](https://github.com/apache/dolphinscheduler-sdk-python/pull/126))

> * Deprecated old format of `http_params` in the Http class to support a new format. Users should now use the updated format.([#88])([#130])(https://github.com/apache/dolphinscheduler-sdk-python/pull/130)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change parameter `http_params` to dict type for easy to use in task http.([#130](https://github.com/apache/dolphinscheduler-sdk-python/pull/130))
```
